Frequently Asked Questions (#18)
dslc-io/dslc-io: faq.qmd

---
title: "Frequently Asked Questions"
format:
  html:
    toc: true
---

### Question: Are you part of (Posit, Google, etc)? {#independent}

> Answer: No! 

Reviewer: may consider https://quarto.org/docs/authoring/callouts.html for extra emphasis later on? or formatting as collapsible callouts? not important for v1

Author: Yeah, I figure there's probably a FAQ plugin or something somewhere. For now I went with "good enough".

We are an independent organization.

We are a [fiscally sponsored collective within the Open Collective Foundation](fiscal_sponsorship.qmd).
We are not affiliated with any other organization.

We have received donations from [Posit](https://posit.co/), and Google mentions us in their [Data Analytics Certificate](https://grow.google/certificates/data-analytics) courses, but we are not part of either organization.

### Question: Are you changing your focus from R to Python? {#focus}

Answer: No! 
We seek to support *all* data science learners.

> We began with R, and our internal tools are written in R.
> However, we know that many data scientists use Python, Julia, and other languages in their day-to-day work.
> We want to help data science learners learn all of the skills they need, regardless of whether those skills involve R, Python, Julia, JavaScript, or no programming language at all.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We began with R, our internal tools are written in R, and many of our users, book clubs and channels focus on R. 
However, we know that data scientists use many languages in their day-to-day-work, including Python, Julia, SQL.
We want to help data science learners learn all of the skills they need, regardless of whether those skills involve R, Python, Julia, SQL, JavaScript, or no programming language at all.
```

Author: Fixed in separate commit. Note that "day-to-day" is an adjective phrase modifying "work", thus "day-to-day work".

### Question: Aren't you just a book club for *R for Data Science?* {#r4ds-club}

Answer: No! 
We support over fifty books and at least four programming languages!

We began with [*R for Data Science*](https://r4ds.hadley.nz/) because it is a great book for beginners.
But we host [book clubs](bookclubs.qmd) for many other R book (such as [*Advanced R*](https://r4ds.io/advr), [*Mastering Shiny*](https://r4ds.io/mshiny), and [*Tidy Modeling with R*](https://r4ds.io/tmwr)), and even other programming languages (such as [*Python for Data Analysis*](https://r4ds.io/py4da) and [*Fundamentals of Numerical Computation with Julia*](https://r4ds.io/fnc)).

### Question: Why did you change your name? {#name-change}

Answer: We wanted a name that caused less confusion.

We launched in 2017 as an online space for learners and mentors to gather to read [*R for Data Science*](https://r4ds.hadley.nz/) (R4DS) by Hadley Wickham and Garrett Grolemund together. 
The name "R4DS Online Learning Community" made sense for that group. 

> However, [we now support much more than just that one book](#r4ds-club).

Reviewer: This should be the first one I think

Author: Good call, I was just getting them down, didn't do any sorting. Will update with order...
